hey it's Andrew from backcountry skiing
Canada we're here in Telluride slack
country bit of a backcountry ski in
Canada away game and wanted to talk a
little bit about the benefit vulcans
that we've been running lately here they
are a couple remarkable things about the
boots first of all this carbon fiber
cuffs makes them a very stiff boot for
all the specs and weights and stuff you
can check out the website for for all
the specs and numbers but now we'll just
go for an overview a couple features
that are pretty remarkable the ultra
lock system is a kind of a one motion
way to get from torah mode from down
alpine mode to tour mode also something
that's remarkable about this boot and
isn't featured in the Dena fit one that
we also review at another another review
on the site is that this has a tongue
that pops in and out so if you're going
uphill you can pop your tongue out like
that and then this comes out I have used
the tongue in and tongue out and
generally I just leave it in I find it a
little bit fussy to pull in and out so
but maybe if it was a super long up
track I might take it out so you can see
it's fairly easy to get back in there
but this basically is a boot that I use
at the resort and also on touring it's
kind of light enough that you can you
can tour with it but it's also stiff
enough but it's good for a resort boot
so we're pretty happy with the Dena fit
wand and the Dena fit Vulcan of course
it's got the quickstep Dena fit toe toe
pieces here so like the Scarpa has and
some other boots that are tech
compatible don't have it
you kind of want this in a in a tech
compatible boot so that's it andrew here
for backcountry skiing canada
the Deena fit Vulcan boot new this year
but I'm sure they'll sell it next year
also to see other reviews and fun stuff
check out the website back at risk in
Canada column have a good day
the Vulcan